yeah my approach music now like an
alchemist you know what I mean it's like
whatever I feel whatever works for me
you're the man I toss it in the pot
stirred up and if it comes out as
something that moves me then that's what
I give the people you know but I'll draw
up on everything it could be spiritual
jazz classical it doesn't matter i look
for the soul and the vibration in it you
know to me and if it aged my message in
any kind of way i bring it to the table
the one key thing that's moving people
all over the planet and I think that's
insanity that's what I look for the
music so it doesn't matter where you
come from you know as long as I can feel
you your story and your sentiment older
artists I'm 45 years old so I think
right now we need to be extremely honest
about what's going on with the art form
and be extremely sincere I personally
believe I'll take my glasses off this I
personally believe that the writing
needs to mature across the board you
know because we have a lot of people
depending on this music and leaning on
it every single day to get them through
and I think right now we owe it to each
other to be as honest as we can and to
embrace the growth let's need about nine
hours overall
well I think the first thing with
success is you have to define what
success is for you that is a new thing
and in this century rediscovering and
redefining what successes which I have
to do as an independent artists and I
think we're all redefining what success
is it's not what our fathers are our
grandfathers or our mothers but they did
it's about what really makes us happy so
and at peace and of course we want to
make a living but I think it's really
about doing the thing that you know
wakes you up in the morning the one that
keeps the light on the one that keeps
the flame on you know what i mean so i
think to me that's what success is if it
continues to drive you and you're able
to take care of yourself and your family
and you know it's meaningful to you then
that success you know it comes in many
different ways you know I have a family
that's successful to me you know my
children are healthy that's a successful
they don't have any cavities that's the
success you know the thing so you can
redefine it you know but I love the fact
that people are striving to define what
success is for them because I think
that's what's really going to create the
next shift in the next generation
greetings in love all this is cody
chesnutt and you're watching Steve
Harvey calm